spec/syntax.md, before:

# QScript syntax
## Comments
Comments can be added using the `#` character. Anything following a `#` is ignored by compiler as a comment.  
For example:  
```
function main(){ # This is a comment
	# This also is a comment
}
```
## Functions
### Function Definition
```
function TYPE FUNCTION_NAME (arg0_type arg0, arg1_type arg1){
	# function body
}
```
* `TYPE` is the return type of this function
* `FUNCTION_NAME` is the name of the function
* `arg0_type` is the type for first argument
* `arg0` is the "name" for first argument
* more arguments can be added, and are to be separated by a comma.
  
A function without any arguments would be defined like:
```
function TYPE FUNCTION_NAME{
	# function body
}
```  
or:  
```
function TYPE FUNCTION_NAME(){
	# function body
}
```
### Returning From Functions
A return statement can be used to return a value from the function. The type of the return value, and the return type of the function must match.
A return statement is written as following:
```
return (RETURN_VALUE);
```
where `RETURN_VALUE` is the value to return. As soon as this statement is executed, the function execution quits, meaning that in the following code, 
writeln will not be called.
```
function int someFunction{
	return (0);
	writeln("this won't be written"); # because return terminates the execution
}
```

---

## Variables
### Variable Definition
QScript does not support global variables. But if needed, using external functions, something similar to global variables can be achieved.  
Variables can be defined only inside functions, like:
```
TYPE (var0, var1, var2);
```
* `TYPE` is the data type of the variables, it can be a `string`, `int`, `double`, or an array of those types: `int[]`, or `int[][]`... .
* `var0`, `var1`, `var2` are the names of the variables. There can be more/less than 3, and are to be separated by a comma.
### Variable Assignment
Variables can be assigned a value like:
```
VAR = VALUE;
```
the data type of `VAR` and `VALUE` must match.  
  
In case the `VAR` is an array, then it's individual elements can be modified like:
```
VAR[ INDEX ] = VALUE;
```
* `VAR` is the name of the var/array
* `INDEX` , in case `VAR` is an array, is the index of the element to assign a value to
* `VALUE` is the value to assign
And in a case like this, `VAR[INDEX]` must have the same data type as `VALUE`.
  
In case you want to modify the whole array, it can be done like:
```
int[] (intArray);
intArray = [0, 1, 2, 3]; # only works if elements are literals
```
or:
```
int[] (intArray);
intArray = array(0, 1, 2, 3); # elements dont necessarily need to be literals, they can be vars or result from function call
```
---

## If Statements
If statements are written like:
```
if (CONDITION){
	# some code
}else{
	# some (other?) code
}
```
The `else` part is not required. If `CONDITION` is 0 (int), then, if the else exists, it's executed, if `CONDITION` is 1 (int), then `# some code` is executed.  
It is not necessary that the `# some code` or the `# some (other?) code` be in a block. In case only one statement is to be executed, it can be written like:  
```
if (CONDITION)
	# some code, single statement
else
	# some other code, single statement
```
Even indentation is not necessary, it can be written like:
```
if (CONDITION)
# some code, single statement
else
# some other code, single statement
```

### Nested If Statements
If statements can also be nested inside other if statements, like:  
```
if (CONDITION)
	if (OTHER_CONDITION)
		writeln("OTHER_CONDITION and CONDITION were 1");
	else
		writeln("OTHER_CONDITION was 0, CONDITION was 1");
else
	writeln("CONDITION was 0");
```

---

## While Statements
While statements are written like:
```
while (CONDITION){
	# some code in a loop
}
```
As long as `CONDITION` is 1 (int), `# some code in a loop` is executed. And just like if statements, while loops can also be nested

---

## Operators
One important thing to keep in mind when using operators is that they are evaluated left-to right. So instead of writing:
```
if (a == 0 || a == 1){
}
```
you should write:
```
if ((a == 0) || (a == 1)){
}
```
The syntax for all operators is: `value0 OPERATOR value1`, where `OPERATOR` is an operator from the lists below.
### Arithmetic Operators
* `/` operator divides two integers/floats
* `*` operator multiplies two integeres/floats
* `+` operator adds two integers/floats
* `-` subtracts two integers/floats
* `%` divides two integers/floats, returns the remainder
### Comnparison Operators
* `==` returns 1 (int) if two integers/floats/strings/arrays are same. 
* `>` returns (int) if `value0` int/float is greater than `value1` int/float.
* `<` returns 1 (int) if `value0` int/float is lesser than `value1` int/float.
* `&&` returns 1 (int) if `value0` and `value1` are both 1 (int)
* `||` returns 1 (int) if either of `value0` or `value1` are 1 (int), or both are 1 (int)
  
In QScript, you cannot write `-1` or any other negative number, so instead, use `0-1` or `0-x` where x is a int. In case you want negative float, use `0.0-x`.

---

## Function Call
There are 2 types of functions, script-defined, and external. External are made available by "registering" them into QScript (the script cannot do this).  
In case a script defined function has the same name as an external one, the script-defined one will be called, external one will be ignored.  
Both types of functions can be executed like:
```
FUNCTION_NAME (arg0, arg1);
```
And a function can take more/less than 2 arguments. In case it doesnt take any arguments, it will be called like:
```
FUNCTION_NAME ();
```

Commit message:

Added syntax for do-while and for loop
Signed-off-by: Nafees <nafeeshassan16@gmail.com>

spec/syntax.md, after:

# QScript syntax
## Comments
Comments can be added using the `#` character. Anything following a `#` is ignored by compiler as a comment.  
For example:  
```
function main(){ # This is a comment
	# This also is a comment
}
```
## Functions
### Function Definition
```
function TYPE FUNCTION_NAME (arg0_type arg0, arg1_type arg1){
	# function body
}
```
* `TYPE` is the return type of this function
* `FUNCTION_NAME` is the name of the function
* `arg0_type` is the type for first argument
* `arg0` is the "name" for first argument
* more arguments can be added, and are to be separated by a comma.
  
A function without any arguments would be defined like:
```
function TYPE FUNCTION_NAME{
	# function body
}
```  
or:  
```
function TYPE FUNCTION_NAME(){
	# function body
}
```
### Returning From Functions
A return statement can be used to return a value from the function. The type of the return value, and the return type of the function must match.
A return statement is written as following:
```
return (RETURN_VALUE);
```
where `RETURN_VALUE` is the value to return. As soon as this statement is executed, the function execution quits, meaning that in the following code, 
writeln will not be called.
```
function int someFunction{
	return (0);
	writeln("this won't be written"); # because return terminates the execution
}
```

---

## Variables
### Variable Definition
QScript does not support global variables. But if needed, using external functions, something similar to global variables can be achieved.  
Variables can be defined only inside functions, like:
```
TYPE (var0, var1, var2);
```
* `TYPE` is the data type of the variables, it can be a `string`, `int`, `double`, or an array of those types: `int[]`, or `int[][]`... .
* `var0`, `var1`, `var2` are the names of the variables. There can be more/less than 3, and are to be separated by a comma.
### Variable Assignment
Variables can be assigned a value like:
```
VAR = VALUE;
```
the data type of `VAR` and `VALUE` must match.  
  
In case the `VAR` is an array, then it's individual elements can be modified like:
```
VAR[ INDEX ] = VALUE;
```
* `VAR` is the name of the var/array
* `INDEX` , in case `VAR` is an array, is the index of the element to assign a value to
* `VALUE` is the value to assign
And in a case like this, `VAR[INDEX]` must have the same data type as `VALUE`.
  
In case you want to modify the whole array, it can be done like:
```
int[] (intArray);
intArray = [0, 1, 2, 3]; # only works if elements are literals
```
or:
```
int[] (intArray);
intArray = array(0, 1, 2, 3); # elements dont necessarily need to be literals, they can be vars or result from function call
```
---

## If Statements
If statements are written like:
```
if (CONDITION){
	# some code
}else{
	# some (other?) code
}
```
The `else` part is not required. If `CONDITION` is 0 (int), then, if the else exists, it's executed, if `CONDITION` is 1 (int), then `# some code` is executed.  
It is not necessary that the `# some code` or the `# some (other?) code` be in a block. In case only one statement is to be executed, it can be written like:  
```
if (CONDITION)
	# some code, single statement
else
	# some other code, single statement
```
Even indentation is not necessary, it can be written like:
```
if (CONDITION)
    # some code, single statement
else
    # some other code, single statement
```

### Nested If Statements
If statements can also be nested inside other if statements, like:  
```
if (CONDITION)
	if (OTHER_CONDITION)
		writeln("OTHER_CONDITION and CONDITION were 1");
	else
		writeln("OTHER_CONDITION was 0, CONDITION was 1");
else
	writeln("CONDITION was 0");
```

---

## Loops
QScript curently has the following types of loops:

### While:
While loops are written like:
```
while (CONDITION){
	# some code in a loop
}
```
As long as `CONDITION` is 1 (int), `# some code in a loop` is executed. And just like if statements, while loops can also be nested

### Do While:
Do while loops are writen like:
```
do{
    # some code in a loop
}while (CONDITION)
```
First the code is executed, then if the condition is true, it's executed again. An optional semicolon can be put at then end of the `while (CONDITION)`. 

### For:
The for loop in QScript is a bit different from other languages, it's written like:
```
for (INIT_STATEMENT; CONDITION; INCREMENT_STATEMENT;){
    # some code in a loop
}
```
in this loop, notice that there is a semicolon after `INCREMENT_STATEMENT`, that is necessary.  
First, the `INIT_STATEMENT` is executed, right before starting the loop. This is executed only once. Then if `CONDITION` is true, the loop body is executed, then `INCREMENT_STATEMENT` is executed, this is repeated, until condition is false.  
Unlike other languages (like D), the `INIT_STATEMENT`, `CONDITION`, and `INCREMENT_STATEMENT` all must be present.

---

## Operators
One important thing to keep in mind when using operators is that they are evaluated left-to right. So instead of writing:
```
if (a == 0 || a == 1){
}
```
you should write:
```
if ((a == 0) || (a == 1)){
}
```
The syntax for all operators is: `value0 OPERATOR value1`, where `OPERATOR` is an operator from the lists below.
### Arithmetic Operators
* `/` operator divides two integers/floats
* `*` operator multiplies two integeres/floats
* `+` operator adds two integers/floats
* `-` subtracts two integers/floats
* `%` divides two integers/floats, returns the remainder
### Comnparison Operators
* `==` returns 1 (int) if two integers/floats/strings/arrays are same. 
* `>` returns (int) if `value0` int/float is greater than `value1` int/float.
* `<` returns 1 (int) if `value0` int/float is lesser than `value1` int/float.
* `&&` returns 1 (int) if `value0` and `value1` are both 1 (int)
* `||` returns 1 (int) if either of `value0` or `value1` are 1 (int), or both are 1 (int)
  
In QScript, you cannot write `-1` or any other negative number, so instead, use `0-1` or `0-x` where x is a int. In case you want negative float, use `0.0-x`.

---

## Function Call
There are 2 types of functions, script-defined, and external. External are made available by "registering" them into QScript (the script cannot do this).  
In case a script defined function has the same name as an external one, the script-defined one will be called, external one will be ignored.  
Both types of functions can be executed like:
```
FUNCTION_NAME (arg0, arg1);
```
And a function can take more/less than 2 arguments. In case it doesnt take any arguments, it will be called like:
```
FUNCTION_NAME ();
```
